The boss assigned our team to investigate a scenic toxic oceanic planet. Pretty excited about the whole thing, honestly. It'll be full 
of adorably mutated, hostile wildlife and beautiful nonsunny deadly acid rain. I really can't wait to flaunt my new radsuit. Thank you, 
boss!

Maybe there's actually going to be something worthwhile here- according to the briefing, artificial structures have been detected on the
planet's surface, ocean floor, and atmosphere. WM, once again, thinks the inhabitants are still alive, despite the whole "horribly
toxic, radioactive, gross poison waste planet" thing, and the fact that not a single planet we've been sent to scrape for valuables
has had real alive people. I'm just excited for the chance of finding something decent that'll net me, us, a decent payday.

Ship's in transport. WM keeps going on about her hunch, hell of a lot more than she ever did with every other potential dystopia we've
been to. I decided to take advantage of this and bet with her that there'll be jack in the way of sapient shit. Kinda feel bad, actually.
50 creds goes for a lot these days- exchange rate 5720 pixels last I checked. 

Orbit. Final preps are underway- atmospheric scans to calibrate our masks, measuring just how horrifyingly radioactive the planet is.
Overpreparing as usual. Wonder why the fuck they even include stuff like mR/hr in these measurements anymore. Beyond archaic. WM is
bouncing across the walls as literally as mandatory safety protocol will let her. Kinda considering calling off the bet.

Today we set foot on the surface, and I'm eating my goddamned words (and cash)- it's inhabited! We've remotely observed an urban area 
of what looks like a fairly advanced society, though likely pre-warp. Structures detected in the atmosphere likely sattelite technology.
Luckily they don't seem to have detected us...? Boss's too cheap for any decent cloaking tech for the ship. WM's far too smug...

In-depth investigation underway. We haven't communicated with the boss yet. These people are roughly gastropodic- makeup is carbon-based,
as standard. Transluscent bodies, apparently bioluminescent or potentially augmented. High variance in colors between individuals,
though we haven't found any individual with more than a single color. They don't seem to have any trouble with the vast amount of
ambient environmental hazards this planet presents; Though it's important to note that our own species is particularly susceptible to 
toxins, the majority of post-warp species require heavy protection. Tomorrow we'll make contact. Hoping for the best. WM's optimistic
and for once I'm willing to agree.

Well, they're certainly not hostile. I think. First individual we met at the edge of the urban area was very curious about us and 
quickly realized we couldn't understand or speak their language (a sort of blurbling vocalization). Very interested in the boots of my
radsuit, for some reason? They gestured towards my and EP's several times. They've responded positively to our communications with the 
exception of attempting many times to initiate weaponless combat, but after realizing their kicks and slaps (or punches? they lack digits)
didn't do much to vertebrates in heavy suits, they stopped. Still have absolutely no goddamn clue what that's about. Tomorrow we'll
walk further into the city- WM is anticipating the translators finally gathering enough data to function.

I want off this planet. Like, now. I'd do it if we weren't contractually obligated to remain for the assigned time beyond life-threatening
emergencies. Our translators kicked in today, so we told the first alien we contacted, who had been following us around as we gathered
data. Her immediate response was to gargle as loud as physically possible for her kind, "DO! YOU! HAVE! TOES!", while gesturing at AS's 
boots the same way she had before. Her name is apparently Hella Bitch, as well. I really really hope this is just a juvenile.

They're all like this. All of them. I have had to explain to several individuals that we cannot show them our toes, as removing our boots
will result in a very swift and painful death. This was not the only inane question we've been asked, and I absolutely refuse to document
any of this garbage. Luckily the minimum assigned time we're supposed to be here ends soon. Thank hell.